# Critical Values Robust to P-hacking: Code and Data

This repository contains the code and data accompanying the paper "Critical Values Robust to P-hacking", written by [Adam McCloskey](https://adammccloskey.com) and [Pascal Michaillat](https://pascalmichaillat.org), and published in the [Review of Economics and Statistics](https://doi.org/10.1162/rest_a_01456) in April 2024.

## Paper webpage

The paper is available at https://pascalmichaillat.org/12/.

## Code

The MATLAB code within the `code` folder generates the 9 figures presented in the paper.

### Main script

The main script, `run.m`, orchestrates the production of the 9 figures. The script generates each figure in a MATLAB window and saves the figures as PDF files. Additionally, the data used to generate each figure are stored in CSV files.

### Production scripts

The main script produces the individual figures using the following scripts:

+ `figure1A.m` – Produce figure 1A
+ `figure1B.m` - Produce figure 1B
+ `figure2A.m` - Produce figure 2A
+ `figure2B.m` - Produce figure 2B
+ `figure3A.m` - Produce figure 3A
+ `figure3B.m` - Produce figure 3B
+ `figure4.m` - Produce figure 4A, figure 4B, and figure 4C

### Display script

The production scripts use the `visualDisplay.m` script to format figures, axes, and plots. The script is used to achieve a clear, effective visual display of the results.

## Figures

The 9 figures generated by the code are saved as 9 PDF files, and the underlying data are saved as 9 CSV files. The files are stored in the `figures` folder, each corresponding to a specific figure in the paper:

+ `figure1A.pdf`, `figure1A.csv` – Figure 1A
+ `figure1B.pdf`, `figure1B.csv` – Figure 1B
+ `figure2A.pdf`, `figure2A.csv` – Figure 2A
+ `figure2B.pdf`, `figure2B.csv` – Figure 2B
+ `figure3A.pdf`, `figure3A.csv` – Figure 3A
+ `figure3B.pdf`, `figure3B.csv` – Figure 3B
+ `figure4A.pdf`, `figure4A.csv` – Figure 4A
+ `figure4B.pdf`, `figure4B.csv` – Figure 4B
+ `figure4C.pdf`, `figure4C.csv` – Figure 4C

## Software

The results were obtained using MATLAB R2023b on an Apple Silicon Mac running macOS Sonoma 14.3.1.

## License

The content of this repository is licensed under the terms of the MIT License.